Add v2 documentation (#289)
episerver/content-js-sdk: docs/12-client-utils.md

The Optimizely CMS SDK provides utility functions to help you navigate and structure your site. These functions are available through the `GraphClient` instance and are particularly useful for building navigation menus, breadcrumbs, and understanding page hierarchies.

> [!TIP]

> > The examples below use `new GraphClient()` (the original approach, still fully supported). For production apps, consider using `config()` once in your root layout and `getClient()` throughout. `getClient()` uses `GraphClient` under the hood but provides better configuration management. See [Fetching Content](./5-fetching.md#why-use-getclient-instead-of-new-graphclient).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Consider using `config()` in your app's entry point to configure the client globally and then `getClient()` to get a pre-configured client. Manually constructing a client with `new GraphClient()` is still fully supported. See [Fetching Content](./5-fetching.md#why-use-getclient-instead-of-new-graphclient).
```

None of the examples are actually using `new GraphClient()`

Author: Ah looks like replace all the samples

### Example: Building Breadcrumbs

```tsx
import { getClient } from '@optimizely/cms-sdk';

export default async function Page() {
  const currentPath = '/en/about/our-team';

  const client = await getClient();

  // Get all ancestor pages

>   const ancestors = (client.getPath(currentPath)) || [];

Reviewer: We should, at some point, update these example to use the currently routed content from the context rather than using a path, or just use a hardcode graph reference.
